README.md, before:

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
# About The Project

## Contents
Integration Landing Zone Current State
- Main Branch: Deploys APIM, Service Bus, KeyVault, Networking, Function, powershell script helper
- Main Branch: GitHub Workflow to deploy Infra
- KarlDev: Initial Async LogicApp Scenario, Bicep, deployment workflow

Nike Colab Current State
- .devContainer
- JMeter Scripts
- APIM APIs & Policies
- Kafka Trigger Function
- Rest API Mock (Basic Auth)
- oData API Mock (Basic Auth)
- SOAP API Mock - needs basic Auth Added
- LookupDB
- Lookup Function
- Storage Q Functions
- Deployment Workflow Stubs

TODO
- Nike Value Drop: End to End message tracking docs, queries, workbooks, dashboards, deployment scripts
- Move: BasicAuth Mapping to Asset w/ deployment scripts
- Move: Mocks (Rest, oData, SOap)
- Move: JMeter scripts
- Move: Kafka Trigger to Asset w/ deployment scripts
- Move: Async Scenario to Asset (with and without Q) w/ deployment scripts
- SAML mapping scenario
- Auth mapping powerapp
- RFC, BAPI, iDOC connectivity w/deployment scripts (Note: on prem data connector required)
- Nike Value Drop: Transformation Examples (xslt and liquid) w/ deployment scripts
- infra as code for load testing
- deploy Jmeter scripts and assets
- Documentation Updates
- Testing
- Archive Nike Collab repo post disengage
- Add DevBox
- Add .DevContainer
- Add .code-workspace files where it makes sense
- Add Data Factory Scenarios - Needs Research


Senarios\Solutions
- Initial Env Testing (mocks) - pass basic/saml through apim
	- REST
	- ...
- Initial SAP Connectivity (move from mocks to sap)
	- Setup OPDC
	- Documentation for manual config
- AuthMapping (Basic/Saml)
- AuthMapping Management PowerApp
- Sync
	- LogicApp Example
	- Function Example
- Aysnc
	- LogicApp Example
	- Durable Function Example
- Event Streaming
- Data Integration

Asset Goal/Vision
- Deploy infrastructure needed for message based and data based integration with SAP.
- Include Deployable scenarios that demonstrate capabilities
- Include mocks for testing functional and performance to establish baselines prior to connecting with SAP
- Include Auth Mapping Solution

Asset Strategy Thoughts and Questions
Structure: 
We have a base set of artifacts and scenarios that sit on top.  I think the base artifacts should deploy the infrastructure, wire up monitoring.  I think each scenario should deploy infrastructure that is only used by that scenario and have documentation specific to that scenario.


## Core Prerequisites

## Installation

## Addons

## Security

## Testing

## Retail Materials

## Architecture

## Solution Components

### Trademarks

Trademarks This project may contain trademarks or logos for projects, products, or services. Authorized use of Microsoft trademarks or logos is subject to and must follow Microsoft’s Trademark & Brand Guidelines. Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship. Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party’s policies.

Commit message:

Project - added simple initial folder structure for samples

README.md, after:

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
# About The Project

## Contents
Integration Landing Zone Current State
- Main Branch: Deploys APIM, Service Bus, KeyVault, Networking, Function, powershell script helper
- Main Branch: GitHub Workflow to deploy Infra
- KarlDev: Initial Async LogicApp Scenario, Bicep, deployment workflow
- seth-dev: Pulling items from Nike collab, organization, and initial telemetry 

Nike Colab Current State
- .devContainer
- JMeter Scripts
- APIM APIs & Policies
- Kafka Trigger Function
- Rest API Mock (Basic Auth)
- oData API Mock (Basic Auth)
- SOAP API Mock - needs basic Auth Added
- LookupDB
- Lookup Function
- Storage Q Functions
- Deployment Workflow Stubs

TODO
- Nike Value Drop: End to End message tracking docs, queries, workbooks, dashboards, deployment scripts
- Move: BasicAuth Mapping to Asset w/ deployment scripts
- Move: Mocks (Rest, oData, SOap)
- Move: JMeter scripts
- Move: Kafka Trigger to Asset w/ deployment scripts
- Move: Async Scenario to Asset (with and without Q) w/ deployment scripts
- SAML mapping scenario
- Auth mapping powerapp
- RFC, BAPI, iDOC connectivity w/deployment scripts (Note: on prem data connector required)
- Nike Value Drop: Transformation Examples (xslt and liquid) w/ deployment scripts
- infra as code for load testing
- deploy Jmeter scripts and assets
- Documentation Updates
- Testing
- Archive Nike Collab repo post disengage
- Add DevBox
- Add .DevContainer
- Add .code-workspace files where it makes sense
- Add Data Factory Scenarios - Needs Research


Senarios\Solutions
- Initial Env Testing (mocks) - pass basic/saml through apim
	- REST
	- ...
- Initial SAP Connectivity (move from mocks to sap)
	- Setup OPDC
	- Documentation for manual config
- AuthMapping (Basic/Saml)
- AuthMapping Management PowerApp
- Sync
	- LogicApp Example
	- Function Example
- Aysnc
	- LogicApp Example
	- Durable Function Example
- Event Streaming
- Data Integration

Asset Goal/Vision
- Deploy infrastructure needed for message based and data based integration with SAP.
- Include Deployable scenarios that demonstrate capabilities
- Include mocks for testing functional and performance to establish baselines prior to connecting with SAP
- Include Auth Mapping Solution

Asset Strategy Thoughts and Questions
Structure: 
We have a base set of artifacts and scenarios that sit on top.  I think the base artifacts should deploy the infrastructure, wire up monitoring.  I think each scenario should deploy infrastructure that is only used by that scenario and have documentation specific to that scenario.


## Core Prerequisites

## Installation

## Addons

## Security

## Testing

## Retail Materials

## Architecture

## Solution Components

### Trademarks

Trademarks This project may contain trademarks or logos for projects, products, or services. Authorized use of Microsoft trademarks or logos is subject to and must follow Microsoft’s Trademark & Brand Guidelines. Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship. Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party’s policies.
